At nine months, Starter School (run by Starter League) is by far the longest
bootcamp out there. The program is broken up into 12 week quarters with a
different theme for each quarter. In the first quarter, you will build a
prototype of an application you want built. This means you should expect heavy
rails and front end programming training during this phase. The second quarter
is devoted to designing a great user experience for your app. You will dive
deeper into front end programming languages and begin learning design
fundamentals. The last phase is understanding the business side to your
application. Think about this phase as project and product management
training.

You will learn all of these skills through a variety of means. As far as
programming and design, there is a lot of one-on-one mentorship provided and a
number of hackathons hosted to give you practice with coding skills. In terms
of business skills, you'll visit a number of top technology companies to get
insight into their work places. The overall class is pretty large (almost 60
students). The class is broken up into two smaller groups for morning
exercises and then brought together in the evening.

One interesting thing about this bootcamp is its association with the company
37signals. 37signals creates tools to enable better
communication and workflows in companies. They invested in Starter League, the
parent company of Starter School in 2012. A number of mentors and instructors
from the school are employees at 37signals and some material like the prework
was generated by people who work at 37 Signals.

The application process is simply to apply online and get accepted for and in-
person or phone interview. There might be a second interview depending on
circumstances.
